How about it?
Why not compare
Well, I just admire the courage to not be afraid of death
Cherish the time you are alive now, right?
Let's put the head on and start the second sentence
This child should be the son of Satan mentioned by his father
Pound people secretly trained him
Killing is an instinct engraved in the bones
trick
Difficult to anticipate
Fight against such people
The only reliable way is to use static braking
What do you do?
I can't keep up with this kid at all
This kid's hair is like frost
Unable to respond
Did Mr. Ye see it?
Why don't you prepare in advance?
Wangchuan's transfer contract
The contract is small
You Dongying probably need our fate more
Exactly.
You lost today.
Not only did Wangchuan want to return to Dongmingzi
Even the lives of you and Mu Wushuang will be explained here